[Music] just
a glimpse more than anything.  Now
starting straight and bad, but bad,
eh?  Arachnephobia, that is, Arachnephobia is
a person, how do I put it in context
of a girl from 6 years ago?  Um, from a
chick from 6 years ago that no
one else will even find.  I mean, this is a
YouTuber, let's say, the people here who already
have their followers and do their live streams
and their content, okay?  Hey, as you can see, she's
a very healthy person, right?  You just have to
see it.  And it turns out that this chick
along with Kido, Kido, yes, they sent me a tweet
from Kido insulting me not long ago,
okay?  But they were like the right hands
of miar.  Well, not even
Miare's right-hand man, because I don't consider
Miare to be a friend of these people.  They were
like idiots who took things to use
and little else, right?  And they relived it
as if it were their own story, right?
As if it were part of them, right?  What do you
mean, right?  And this
particular [ __ ] was quite the stalker and from
what I'm seeing she still is.  Does
a blog sound familiar? It was a website,
right?  This girl made content about
how she had a character and she
made stories, drawings and things like
that, I mean, content that wasn't
bad, it was good, the girl had her talent
, right?  Well, she made a
blog where she listed all the
controversies in Dallas, always
taking a position against Dallas.
Dala was fighting with Mexi Berga, because
she noted the date, fighting with Messi
Berga, always taking sides with
whoever it was.  Dala was fighting with Auro.
Pom.  I just saw Ride's Space
with Jorge CM.  What are you telling me, man?
I mean, but with us, what
people have is one thing: they get sick,
right, Anica?  That is, with us, what
people have is one thing: they get
sick.  I mean, check out this tweet,
right?  For example, what I rescued from
Well, this one has a story, what
happens is that I already stopped talking about it
because it was a topic that was left in
2019, but if we go back we have some
beautiful, beautiful stories.  Also, there have
been stories over the years that I
haven't commented on, but beautiful, but beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.  Hey, F. Manuel, hey,
look at this tweet from 2019, hey, they don't
stop, hey, I mean, they don't stop, hey, they're
like a pattern and it's literally like
that, okay?  So, this girl did a
lot of things to me and started doing
a lot of things to me.  I got along
well with her, but she started pulling
a bunch of tricks on me because I got
Game Over.  When I released Game Over
in 2019, it suddenly started reporting
my account.  Well, he did something
nasty to me on Twitter, he reported me, he posted
a video messing with a tattoo I
got of my wife's name, okay?
when my wife was pregnant and she
uploaded a video messing around with the
tattoo, that she was a hick, that I don't know
what, that tattooing your
partner's name, I don't know what, I don't know how much.  I posted
the video on my Twitter account as if to
say, "I'm getting criticized for
this."  And he reported it, he took it, I don't know if he deleted
the video from his Instagram account, I don't
know, he did a trick to
report it to me saying it was a
private video.  That is, a tremendous disgusting thing that he
did.  Then she also went around
sending my audio recordings to people
she herself criticized, as if to make
me look bad or try to get me into
fights with other people.  That's how they started
to mobilize against me, right?  I mean,
I've already gotten off the road, right?  And then they
all came after me.
Many people know this story.  It would be nice if we
watched live shows
from that time to
put you in context, but it was a bit of
a challenge, right?  Well, look at
this tweet, it says, "In 2019, there
isn't a week that goes by where someone doesn't come to me
privately saying that a certain person has
been mentioning me."  A kiss,
Alejandro.  Jairo Blom doesn't take long to appear
, does he?  From what I'm seeing,
they're all affected by the
time they've gone wrong, right?
That a certain person has been
mentioning me and has been blocked
everywhere, meaning I can't
mention them, okay?  And because he has me
blocked and like, well, how does that
stop me from mentioning you?  I'm not mentioning you anymore
because it's already a story that happened and it's
gone, right?  I mean, there's no more, right?
But I can mention that you are
the woman who made the Así es
Dala video for Wismichu, that is, for Wismichu.
Wismichu never dared to make a
video for Dala.  But there were several times when
we tried to do live shows with
him, things with him and such, and he didn't want to.  They
caught Winmichu at a time when
his ego was damaged by the
bottle-throwing issue and planted this nonsense blog on him
.  Take, boom, the video.  And in it,
I already explained this, in the
blog itself, in Win Michu's own video, you can
see screenshots that are from this woman's blog
with the purple annotations, well,
a series of things, right?  And when she found out
about Dallas's allegations, she went ahead and
deleted it.  She was like super happy.
Oh, Win Michu put my link in
the description and when he found out Dallas
was reporting it, he deleted it.  But
anyway, let's get to the point, hey, okay?  What an
obsession, what a pain, what a
miserable way to earn Pam.
Leave me alone, damn it,
nobody's going to have to react to anything if we haven't
seen the [ __ ] video he's talking about, we
're not watching YouTube.  Habia,
how sick you would be revived by laughter.
I wouldn't care if it was Brian.  I
have nothing to fear from anything they might
want.  So, whenever you want,
one by one you can upload if you want, eh
back eh eh we are not watching
YouTube, our profession is not to
criticize.  How are we going to react to your
[ __ ] all day, man, if you don't stop?   You
're already tiresome, stop
mentioning us once and for all, we don't
pay any attention to you, okay?
Fed up, I don't know what anymore, I don't know how much,
okay?  Uh, well, that turns out to be it.
What is it?  Hello, Javi.  What I don't
understand is why they keep inviting
Miare and Wismichu to a bunch of events
.  I went to the third year's evening, the
only one I was able to go to, and they were invited after
the Auren funada.  Do they
have everyone under control?  Ah, what a
tremendous nonsense.  They have no
contact with anyone or anything like
that anymore.  Eh, they have contact with
people of their ideology and they don't have a
problem with many people who
invite them to things, but in the end, what is it that they have
come to the party for?  At the evening you
tell him and he goes and I want to go and you go.  Okay,
no problem.  Uh, if I'm not mistaken, the thing about the evening
was because of
Wismichu's company.  So,
eh, no, leave me alone, eh, do
n't mention me, you're tiresome.
We are not 247 watching YouTube.
How are we going to know the things you do?
Well, let's see what it is
. Look, he even sent messages to Twitter Spain
, eh, trying to get them to close my
Twitter account.  I mean, that's what
these people do to you when you deviate
from the plan, when you deviate from the
described plan, right?  To attack, to sink,
to whatever, to your environment, to
your accounts, to your job,
whatever, okay?  Well, look what
this girl has done, the one who doesn't want to know
anything about me for all these years.
Six, six.  You tell me if in these
6 years this [ __ ] has been part
of this content here on my channel
or something like that, okay?  Because
maybe, hey, maybe we've done it and
made a video and no, and I don't know.  6
years.  I don't remember what I had for breakfast
yesterday.  Yesterday, okay?  Well, this chick is
6 years old, okay?  Look, this was
last year in October.  Last year in
October he made a mistake by staking me out and
sent me a message on TikTok.  I mean,
I'd be gossiping, gossiping about my
TikToks, okay?  staking me because he's
paying attention to everything I do and he
sends me a greeting and I said, "Haha, your
finger slipped, eh, with the
staking."  Then, uh, this is 2019,
okay?  Look what he tells me, eh, that he
would attack, that he would hit my mother,
okay?  That he would hit my mother for
content, for followers, that he
would hit her, that he would attack my mother,
okay?  Hey, this is when I was on
the Anton David thing.  I mean, look at
the topic that has nothing to do with these
people and even with that one, I mean, they've been
chasing me these last 6 years on every topic
every day, right?  I have everything saved every day
, right?  Daily.  The most
disgusting gossip-monger on YouTube is
interviewing the most disgusting
gossip-monger on TV.  Very surprised.
Dog doesn't eat dog.  This is because
I interviewed Antonio David, which was the
first time he spoke since
Roso Carrasco's documentary.  And dog doesn't
eat dog because of the [ __ ], this
stalker is calling me an abuser
because they called Antonio Abil the
abuser and then dog doesn't eat
dog was like the phrase they used
among abusers, I don't know, they don't attack each other's
[ __ ] face, eh 2021, eh, two years now
without running into her at this moment, eh?  And it's
not about the content or anything
like that, okay?  And in any case, if it
was for them, well, it wasn't
for anything, not even indirectly, but no, no, not
for everything, uh, for everything I did
when I went to wonderful people.  Look,
look at this year, 2021. A well-known
actress commits suicide, and
her recent posts reveal harassment on social media
.  A YouTube hater who
humiliates, threatens, and coerces
creators, especially during their worst
moments.  This video will break your soul.
Veronica, why, uncle?  Hey, this girl,
look, you must be subscribed to
Telesalseo.  You must actually be
subscribed to
Telesalseo.  Ah, no, no, no, sorry,
sorry, sorry.  On Telesalseo, no, not on
Twitter
.  Yes, look.  Stalker, kid,
stalker.  I mean, you know my Twitter feed is
constantly trying to upload clips,
news, and stuff like that.  What do
you care if I share the news of this
royal stalker move?  Okay, I often
have a single question that plagues my
life.  Who disgusts me the most?  My ex or
Javi Oliveira?  You had a
nice move, pretty, huh?  I don't know if you've
told it.  Well, yes, yes, you mentioned
some things on Twitter, but it was a different
thing.  My God of my life.  That's
another stalker's sister.  I don't remember his
name.  Whose brother do you have, I
mean, look at this, uh, I'm debating
with Rick and Eddie.  Well, I don't know if I'm, I
don't know if it's that I don't even know what I'm
doing.  This is September 2024, I
imagine, right?  That around that
time he would probably be debating with
Rick and Eddie, right?  And look at the chick how much she
grows.  Even if a dog dresses in
silk, he remains a dog.  Which is dressing
in silk, not wearing contact lenses because my
eyes are tired, not shaving, and
wearing a cap.  This is dressing in
silk.  Man, of course, considering
that your silk, considering that your
silk is this.  Javi, you don't
remember either.  You forgot.  I don't believe these people
no.  But I don't know why
this came up yesterday and I'm like, "Wow, and I
started looking this afternoon and it's
like this stalker is sick
of me."  I mean, you look awful.  You look
awful.  Silk, rats are still soft
and beautiful even if they fight over a
churro with Linkin Pan from Forum.  Well, I
understand that they're
also calling Ricky Eddy a rat.
People that your people support, that
your people support Ricky Eddy.  I mean, he
's calling her a rat.  Because?  Because he
is accused of gender violence.
Well, tell it to your people who
support him.  Okay, here's the real Goofy
in his cringe prime.  A [ __ ],
but calling me dog, calling me
names, eh, seeing all this was
the Auron exclusive, I mean,
you're a stalker.  A kiss, eagle.  Since I've
known you since you were in Y Wes,
that chick is still showing up, she's such a
victim.  But this chick didn't come out here
at all, huh?  In all these
years.  This chick isn't here.  He was already a
person in the lore of that time.
Good night, old man.  Kiss, Big.  He was
a person of lore, but look at you.
Oh, please leave me alone, I don't know what
YouTube is.  And the chick has been
stalking me for 6 years and she's put on a
full cosplay.  The tone of voice has changed
.  I've changed the tone of my voice, I
've changed the tone of my voice, but how have
I changed the tone of my voice?  That I had a
nose job and maybe my voice is
less nasal or that I speak differently now
because I've been here for so many hours,
it's something else.  Javi, today we are
revisiting
characters.  Hey, he's started editing
like him.  That I have started editing
like who?  I don't edit Arachne, but I
mean, you check the editing of
my videos.  I don't watch my videos.  I don't
watch my videos because I trust the
editors.  I mean, I don't have
time to watch my videos.  Yesterday we spent 2
hours recording the video that was uploaded
today.  Do you think I have 40
or 50 minutes to come?  I find it
terribly disrespectful that you react
to haters' memes and not to
the community's.  You're going to fall olives.  You
make a living, don't tell me your
troubles.  Says the one who has more
accessories than face lol.  But, mother of
God, he's changed the scenery, he's stopped
slicking back his pompadour and wearing
contact lenses, and he's even grown a
sinister little mustache.  It's an
uncanny valley, it's funny, terrifying, clown-like,
scary.  What a stalker.  In other words, these
are the people who later file lawsuits for the
right to honor.  They are stalkers.  There is no
more.  Look at this, analyzing the clothes
I wore at the trial in a climate in which
, of course, they took the
clipping, the clipping that saved her the most,
because come on, the truth is that they
even started saying that they didn't
go to the press, that to the press, that
they didn't go to the press to break the
news against me, eh, the clothes, analyzing
the clothes I wore, which aren't even
this one, I wore a thick sweater, and the
boat shoes and the hair gel is harassment, I mean,
looking at the clothes, eh, it's harassment.  It is
equally harassment based.  Well, yes too.
Um, ignorant, whose aspiration is the
press of the heart.  You don't have to be very
clever to know that the
Dallas video about the resolution of the Argo case
is a video of threats and abuse against
Miare.  I mean, she made a video first,
eh, calling him an abuser, a sophiliac, a
bunch of things, and he's now uploaded
some videos responding to her, saying, "fear, fear,
fear, fear."  Totally scary.  They are
people who are not well, they are not fine.
You are wrong, you are not well.  I mean, everyone
they recruit is the same, it's
not right.  He says, "Don't let them
get you down. The truth is finally out. And it's
with Finally the truth is out. Arachne,
because according to you the truth wasn't known
last year in July. I'm freaking out that you
're all realizing that Dallas has
abused Miare 9 years later. This
was because he won the lawsuit. Acadora
because it comes out refach rite. Factor, factor,
factor. Georgio 100 likes and I'll buy
that Harvey accused cosplay. He's not
accused, it's a civil lawsuit. Grandpa,
first of all, good night and
second, from now on I will be your
stalker. I will create a Twitter account
dedicated to you and I will tell you what a jerk you
are. Understood? Shurra. Javi, do
a clean slate. [ __ ], but then,
my goodness, eh, a one-week clean slate,
right? I mean, this was because my are
won the civil insult lawsuit and that's why I
came to the conclusion, okay? That
the trial is being appealed,
Obviously, well, I don't
agree with you getting a
€9,000 fine for that, okay? For calling him a
hair-sweeper, I don't know what I know when.  Well,
from there the translation is that Miare was
right about everything for them and then
according to her, everyone was realizing
that she was right.  This is
about the topic of Rocío Carrasco, eh, who
takes one and tells her the sentence that
the TV factory lost.  Kings give
a kiss.  The TV factory lost
the lawsuit
filed by Antonio David on all counts.  Antonio David
sued them, and now he's going to sue them for
something else.  Antonio David sued them.  They
ordered the TV factory, the
media, the TV factory, and, well, the
people behind the documentary, okay?, the one they
made about him, to pay him €200,000, which they already
paid to Antonio David for violating his
honor and for his unfair dismissal.  Chaiko, a
kiss.  Look at what the sentence said.
Therefore, what was reported is not based on truthful information, but on
the biased, subjective account
of Rocío Carrasco, right?  Given
the provisional dismissal of the
criminal case, that is, he
practically lied that it was his version.  Okay,
well, and she goes, "That was
last decade. What? What? Oh, there was
a tweet. Look what she's
replying to here, huh? To Javi the canine, the
stalker. Jav and Dallas should change their
perfume. Seriously, years and years of
hearing watching this woman
attack you, shouldn't you proceed
legally? We have to go for this, you know,
since it's fashionable. I congratulate you
very much on your sentence. Too bad it
's not a criminal offense, otherwise you'd earn a double
congratulations. While we're at it, right? Now
that they congratulate themselves on the sentence when they
lose, man. Take it. And I made a
documentary the other day, a report. A
documentary, no, a report, right? With
an interview with Borja Caponi, which was
cool. By the way, it's doing
well, huh? It's going on 70,000 views, man. Do you
know what this means? That I approve
the one, I approve the next one. I mean, this is
a pass and it means that  I'm off to
the next idea I had. Hey, you'll
tell me who's next, but
also about animals and such.  Very handsome,
very handsome.  I'm also thinking about a
report because that would be an
interview, a longer report too
, okay?  But hey, listen to me, it's okay
, it was liked, right?  They liked it and they
started comparing me taking a dog
into a dog run and petting it and
so on with the click of the overturned trial of
Dallas petting his dog.  Look
how sick they must be in the
[ __ ] head.  I mean, every person, these
people, these people meet
anyone petting a dog
on the street and they think, Dallas, you're in
terrible shape.  It's been 6 years.  Well, and the ones
you were wearing.  I didn't get the joke.
Well, I'm imitating Dallas because I
petted a dog.  Look and the
scenes look alike according to them.  And she comes up to the
stalker and says, "Javi gets along so well
with his own kind, dude, you
were there in a tweet saying,
"Leave me alone, I've blocked you.
You're a stalker.  Here, nobody
mentions you or bumps into you." Look,
messing with Pablo Franco, that's why he
needs to hook up with his little cousin,
so she doesn't question anything. Oh, he put
one on me, he put one on me commenting on the wig.
Oh, when did he grow that
pedophile mustache? Well, I know a lot of
people who you don't call pedophiles just because they
have a mustache and you suck their ass, but
really. Really.
Okay. Whether they're a man or a woman, they're a
stalker. Damn, but year after year,
this is February, look. I mean, but
constant insults, accusations of
crimes, eh, completely harassing and she
says, "I've felt like insulting you
directly." Oh, wow, look at this.
This has broken me, huh? I mean, but
this is to see the full account,
huh? But if you don't say anything to her,
Anica, here, nothing is said to this
harassing person for years. I
mean, I  nor does he encounter her; they get along
better with their own kind. That's why
all criminals and false allies
are united for the common good.
But look, he says, he's going to look for
Andrea's Twitter, and look, I don't even
follow her, I'm going to follow her now, but I didn't
even know Andrea had a Twitter account.
Victor, a kiss.  Okay, and now she knows
about Andrea's Twitter account and goes to
a drawing the girl is making.  You tell
me what harm this does.  Victoria, a
kiss.  You may like the drawing more or less
because you are a very good
drawer, okay?  But he comes to
mess with you, you can't even pet the dogs
because the hatred for Dala
surpasses any gesture of love for a little
animal.  Listen to me, man.  I mean, what am
I thinking about with
content that has nothing to do with
Dallas?  I've said this many times, I
mean, I have a lot of content that
has nothing to do with Dallas,
a lot of content.  I cover
Dallas issues and not even that much anymore.  I mean,
this whole dog trial, this whole miare thing, this whole thing, I do
n't know how much, in 2019 this would have been
videos here on the main channel because it
's just lie after lie every
moment.  Grandpa, change your cologne.  These
people are cursed.  XD dude.  It's coming, he
found Andrea's Twitter
to come and mess with the girl with
a drawing.  I mean, just imagine, eh, what
a like has.  I mean, it's just her.  Well
you say, "No, no, but it's that I dedicate myself
to stirring up the hornets' nest, I dedicate myself to
gossip, I don't know what, I don't know how much, you know?
No, it's not that she's the only one, it's messing
with her out of pure hatred, because it comes from her,
because she makes other people's controversies
her own to feel part of something. I don't
know, honestly. I don't know, honestly. No, I
don't understand it. Honestly, I don't
understand it, but it's lamentable. It's
lamentable, the obsession is tremendous. What
sad people. She's a monster. She's a
stalker. And you look terrible, Arachne. You look
terrible, but if you want to get back together, we'll get back together.
Of course, I have no problem. Aragne
supported Johnny's ex from I don't know. Well
, of course, I can imagine. Just like he supported
Hlo Shaffer, of course, I can imagine.
But you guys see that as normal, I mean, it's
not that you have an opinion on gossip, but with
hatred. What if the mustache of  Pedophile,
pedophile mustache, girl, girl,
girl. And dude, he messed with my clothes, with
whether I wear contact lenses, with whether I comb my hair,
with whether I don't comb my hair, with whether I act like a clown here
with the Auron
Play exclusive that I make people laugh,
we had 20,000 viewers.  Well,
he's stalking.  A girl who already
threw me on Twitter back in the day, who started
giving me crap about another YouTuber when
she hated him, who did all the [ __ ] [ __ ] she's
done.  still in
201. Oh, leave me.
[Music]